https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MygAzNj3kyw&ab_channel=CloudKiD

Welcome dear viewer. Today I would like to tell about my self as part of a self introduction task for Rolling Scopes School courses.

Let me begin with basic introduction. My name is Alex and I currently live in Moscow. I was born here, but most of my early life I spent in the United Kingdom. As of the result of living in English-speaking country, I gained quite good level of English language. As far as I am aware, my current level is C2. Knowing English turned to be a very useful skill in my life. As English in some way is a great tool, which helped me my whole life. From meeting new people to using it to gain knowledge from English written resources. Later in my early youth I was introduced to the world of programming, I was fascinated by the ways it could make my life easier as a way to automate some tasks or produce means of entertainment for my self and friends. I began from learning Pascal as an easy language for starters, next came C#, which came in helpful later in my university studying. After finishing school, I made probably the worst mistake in my life, when I was choosing what university I was going to attend. I was fooled by the discipline having programming in its description, which turned out to be not completely true. That later made me quit university and going to the army. After serving in the army, I came home with new goals, and soon found out about RS School.

Before starting courses, I had no experience with neither CSS and HTML nor JavaScript. But after doing some research about Front-End programming, I came to a conclusion, that it was a very powerful skill set. Front-End in is from is in high demand in the current world, as every company needs a way to represent itself on the internet. So without any hesitation, I singed up for the courses and began my journey in the world of Front-End.

I started with preschool, which went very smoothly. After that, I went for the full course and was successful at completing all the task that were provided to me. With every task getting harder and harder, my interest grew exponentially. Some of the tasks that I found very interesting were creation of a virtual keyboard and writing my own game of minesweeper, as they heavily relied on problem-solving skills and writing algorithms. As for gaining skills in algorithms, I used codewars website, which provides such tasks with incrementing difficulty.

As a conclusion, I want to say that I finally found something that is interesting to me and also very useful in building my future career. And will continue to master my skills and learn new ones. As knowledge and information is the strongest tool in the modern society. Thank you for listening to me today, and best of luck in your endeavors.
